Mcr/blog vercel (#3719)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/deploy-vercel.mdx

## Setup Automatic Deployment

Currently you deploy your app manually. The next step is to configure GitHub to automatically request deployment when you commit changes to the main branch. The repository already contains the code for a GitHub action to do this: `.github/workflows/deploy-to-vercel.yml`. What's missing are the values for the script: the ID for your project (`VERCEL_PROJECT_ID`), your organization (`VERCEL_ORG_ID`), and credentials to connect to Vercel (`VERCEL_TOKEN`).

### Find Your Project ID

Click on the Vercel logo in the top-left corner of the page and then select your project. Open the settings for your project and make a note of your <InlineField>Project ID</InlineField>.

### Find Your Org ID

Open your account settings by clicking on your user icon in the top-right corner of the Vercel page and click <InlineUIElement>Account Settings</InlineUIElement>. Select <InlineUIElement>General</InlineUIElement> on the left of the settings page, and then scroll down until the <InlineField>User ID</InlineField> is visible. Make note of the ID and keep it somewhere safe.

> ### Generate A Connection Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate a Connection Token
```

Author: Start Case

Open your Vercel account settings by clicking on your user icon in the top-right corner of the Vercel page. Once on the settings page:

1. Select <InlineUIElement>Tokens</InlineUIElement> on the left-hand side.
2. In the <InlineField>Create Token</InlineField> area configure fields as follows:
    1. Enter “Changebank App” into the <InlineField>Token Name</InlineField>.
    2. Select your account for the <InlineField>Scope</InlineField>.
    3. Set the <InlineField>Expiration Date</InlineField> to sometime in the future. Normally the value you use is based on your security requirements.
3. Click <InlineUIElement>Create</InlineUIElement> to create the token.
4. Copy the information for the token as you'll enter that later. Keep the information safe and secure.
5. Click <InlineUIElement>Done</InlineUIElement>.

> ### Add The Secrets To GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add the Secrets to GitHub
```

2. For each of the four keys: `clientId`, `serverUrl`, `redirectUri`, and `postLogoutRedirectUri` update the values for your FusionAuth instance. The default settings for these values in the forked repository are:
    1. <InlineField>clientId</InlineField> - `ec526002-35cc-4e6e-8f5b-0e4fba2b08c8` - This is the application Id in FusionAuth.
    2. <InlineField>serverUrl</InlineField> - `https://auth.codegremlins.net` - This is the URL of your FusionAuth instance.
    3. <InlineField>redirectUri</InlineField> - `https://changebank.codegremlins.net` - This is the URL of your Changebank application.
    4. <InlineField>postLogoutRedirectUri</InlineField> - `https://changebank.codegremlins.net` - This is the URL to return the user to after they log out. In this case, it is the same as the application itself.
3. Commit the changes to GitHub.

You can now click on the <InlineUIElement>Actions</InlineUIElement> tab in your repository. Here you view the status of the action created by your commit. If everything is configured correctly an action starts and then completes successfully. If you run into errors, double check your values.

> ## Verify The Application Has Deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Verify Application Deployment
```

> Log into Vercel and check out the main page for the project. You should see the <InlineField>Created</InlineField> date and it should be within the last few minutes. You can click on the URL and see your newly deployed application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into Vercel and view the main page for the project. Check that the <InlineField>Created</InlineField> date and is within the last few minutes. Click on the URL to see your updated application.
```

## Next Steps

> And just like that, with a push to GitHub, your humble little app is live on Vercel, complete with authentication and dangerously close to being mistaken for a production app. This is a basic tutorial on how to deploy an application to Vercel using FusionAuth as the authentication provider. However, before you start sending out press releases and quitting your day job, a word of caution: deploying straight to production is like skydiving without a backup parachute—it's exhilarating until it isn't. If you're planning on adding new features (or “breaking things” as we call it in tech), you might want to set up [custom environments](https://vercel.com/docs/deployments/environments) in Vercel. That way, you can deploy to development or preview environments first, make sure everything still works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And just like that, with a push to GitHub, your humble little app is live on Vercel, complete with authentication and dangerously close to being mistaken for a production app.

This is a basic tutorial on how to deploy an application to Vercel using FusionAuth as the authentication provider. However, before you start sending out press releases and quitting your day job, a word of caution: deploying straight to production is like skydiving without a backup parachute—it's exhilarating until it isn't. If you're planning on adding new features (or “breaking things” as we call it in tech), you might want to set up [custom environments](https://vercel.com/docs/deployments/environments) in Vercel. That way, you can deploy to development or preview environments first, make sure everything still works.
```

> [Custom environments](https://vercel.com/docs/deployments/environments) allow you to set up GitHub actions for each environment. For example, you may want each branch of your repository to have its own environment or set up a test environment to deploy to before you deploy to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Custom environments](https://vercel.com/docs/deployments/environments) enable configuring GitHub actions for each environment. For example, you can deploy to a test environment before you deploy to production. You can also set a different Vercel environment for each branch.
```
